Add feature request Issue Template (#2481)
mlpack/mlpack: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/3-feature_request.md

---

> name: Feature request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "🚀 Feature request"
```

about: Use this issue for suggesting new features
---

<!--

Welcome!  If you have a feature you would like us to implement you can suggest it with this template.
-->

### What is the desired addition or change?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!--
  Provide a clear and concise description of what the feature is.
  For example, "I'm always frustrated when..."
-->
```

### What is the motivation for this feature?

> ### If applicable, describe how this feature would be implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If applicable, describe how this feature would be implemented.

<!--
  You might want to link related issues or research papers here
-->
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional information?

<!--
  Is there anything else you can add about the proposal?
  You might want to link to related issues here, if you haven't already.
-->
```

---
name: Feature request
about: Use this issue for suggesting new features
---

<!--

> Welcome!  If you have a feature you like us to implement you can suggest here

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Welcome!  If you have a feature you would like us to implement you can suggest it with this template.
```

-->

> ### Feature request

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### What is the desired addition or change?
```

> ### What is motivation or use case for adding/changing the behavior?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### What is the motivation for this feature?
```

> ### How should this be implemented in your opinion?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### If applicable, describe how this feature would be implemented.
```

> ### Would you be willing to work on adding this support? 

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure about this question, as it may mean different things to different people. I suspect we'd get a lot of "see my already completed PR #0000" and a lot of "Oh, maybe once I've finished my one to one scale model of earth"
I think different sections of open source have different protocols for "claiming" a bug report. I don't know what ours should be. I tend to assume that if there's no open PR, it's unclaimed, but I honestly don't know.

Reviewer 4: I agree, I think if the requester is interested in implementing it themselves, more often than not they make it clear or open a PR for it. If someone answers "yes" to this question, and then changes their mind, I think we'll start getting a lot of "@whoever are you still working on this" type questions on feature request PRs. I don't think the question adds much anyway.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, personally, I don't think anyone would ever want to answer "no" to this, so I think it would be just fine to leave the question off.
